{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=82, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15820\viewh14540\viewkind1\viewscale121
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2016/06/20/edge-battery-anniversary-update/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2016/06/20/edge-battery-anniversary-update/}}
\f0\fs24 \
\
	The article details the efforts made by microsoft to identify areas where a computer is losing battery life over unnecessary or preventable things. Examples used in the article were a website\'92s HTML, CSS, or javascript coding. Sometimes the website demands cause a computer to focus more on processing what is to be displayed and how. This didn\'92t get too much detail as to how their Energy Estimation Engine (E3) would work to fix issues for the website\'92s internal workings, but did mention that their labs are constantly testing and monitoring user activity to get data on where computers fail to perform optimally. \
	Limiting background tasks from unused browser tabs was noted as a strategy, but nothing direct. This makes sense as, for most users, they often view things one at a time, and to have a computer constantly run the same operations as if the content was present or not is counter to efficient processing. Other factors like animations and ads and the use of flash were listed as things microsoft pursued to drastically decrease power consumption. The interface was said to be designed for the least amount of power usage. By optimizing the animation for one of their button resulted in a 75% decrease in GPU usage. These small tasks from showing content to using interfaces should not be used as examples for improving performance. I say this because as someone with a background in engineering, the more efficient in a given system the better the system will be!\
	My takeaway here is if I truly care about the experience my future websites offer, one sure way to ruin that experience is carelessly using multiple features without regard to its demand on hardware.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digitalculturist.com/drowning-in-a-sea-of-information-563a3160efbb#.jio65v5ep"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://digitalculturist.com/drowning-in-a-sea-of-information-563a3160efbb#.jio65v5ep}}\
\
This link tracks the account of a person suffering from having too much information that the want to keep up with. A few outlined examples come from psychological theories about human needs and wants where visiting different sources is ultimately derived from the need to know more and thus become better. Other side effects of having too much to deal with include lack of creativity and poor attention spans. By having extremely efficient access to a lot of compressed/summarized content is said to rewire some minds to match the pace of the information thus causing someone\'92s mind to sputter thoughts mid conversation due to the difference in the mind\'92s input/output or because of the random need to check their mobile phone.  A solution to becoming more focused is stated to start by understanding the problem and challenging yourself to stop using information portals.}